good morning to the subscribers of
youtube today we are going to make you the semi
restore to the iphone I think that's a
Iphone 4s
let's go with the logo and start as the
video
although I, as you know, I gave the
news about the semi restore but in
that same week you yourself the same
community told me that an airbag existed
I did basically the same
I researched I did the tutorial and I
I showed right here on this channel I'm going
to show the two videos here below in
if you have not seen it and in
If you have not given him
little hands up those videos but
you know that in that first video
where I gave the information and announced
that he was working on a semi
whistle I showed this semi víctor that
was going to be that simpler ministor for
those who do not know a semi christ is like
a restoration but without removing cydia
okay
look here that I have my this iphone
of a New York Martian who told me
so that I can give you this favor because
the phone already have problems and I
said please look to see what what
I have already but it is perfect now I
I take advantage and I make the semis video
seen in addition to this procedure
its alot
I gave the camera to be moving the
hands in addition to that this procedure
it is much much easier than
previous procedure that we have to
go to finish and all that here
we only have as you can
see we have here I restore myself but
before that we need that we need
do you need to make a backup or
a backup of your device
to your computer then I'm going to do
backup where lucky backup
you know why you are
remember that the idea of ​​the semeji store
is to eliminate everything that has the
device is exactly everything except the
jailbreak and what will this seeds do
base torque the semi restoration to
sometimes they can not even go back
nor forwards this process that is
super easy is only going to be the
restoration to it is that you have
the same version of jade or is that you
have on her device she is
ending that process from the back in to
saving the backup so
when I finish the return as
because and that's it, I finished doing the
backup now yes I'm going to
look for the program that I need this
is the program that will be needed in
my ready if I have not told them I'm going to
leave the links in the description of
this same video ok for you
download works the same for windows and
for mac
ok only you are going to open the
program and you are going to have this you are going to
connect the device look i have already
connected if I disconnected it say look
as he says there he says he is
waiting for me to connect a device
there gold connect from iphone versions
forest and we are going to give it here we do
Victor and ready let's hope that the
process is going to be a process
just like the jailbreak so it's going to
take a while as you know I'm going
to say right here we only have
jailbreak available for ios 6.1 point
2 and the previous versions to that but
today 6.1 point 3 and 6 point 1.4 for him
specifically for the iphone 5 for
that we do not have any jailbreak
we have no solution and I do not know
currently if you are working on that
so this is the only solution if your
device has some problem if
you think you should do a common
format your device this is the
best solution
this is not a complete restoration
but it's a semi restoration almost almost
complete a very long process like
you can see there is we already have the
bar and there as you can see and back
with us but I do not see look where
says this my christ that is to say that it is already finished
cloud and here we can give cross by
it came to leave there to make it look more
pretty but what I recommend is that
leave the procedure and do not touch it
as Martian does not touch that you saw
that I was playing we're going to see that
he also did the clean this device
I had car I had everything had sprint and
you could see that I was
highly tie-break hoisted I invented that
word right now we can see
I come back with us but I see that the
typeface has not changed the type of
letter that she had on the device
has not changed so I do not think it
has cleaned up so completely that
let's say it is taking us by the
main configuration
and stadium mister font and as we can see
everything has been removed but the tweets
desidias have not gone we will see to use
to use either if auto went to use not
is safe and there are not any tweets either
they are still working because you
can see in the typeface only
you realize that if you still
still working but other tweets are not
they are functioning as they can see several
it's not working or anything out there
we have syria and we have tweets like that
as those that are installed by means of
cydia that will give to see with the use that I
I gave the device, I got to see if in
true the device is clean of
all evil how deep is the
restoration volts and lower this
video up to here I hope that there
liked tell me down here that you guys
they think about the video and that you think
of this procedure and that you
think of the semi restoration if the
use or not tell me everything you
want here go the serbian comments
the taste as always a little hand up
this is all for today
I'll see you tomorrow, Thursday the 66th, and I'll go
tomorrow Thursday that's all for today
mariano phone closes section